Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Pepperoni pizza?
- Oh.
You have got this
all wrapped up.
Can we get pizza tonight?
Not tonight. buddy.
You don't even like pizza.
No. I don't like cheese.
Pizza's not pizza
without cheese.
She's got a point.
Large scale
efforts are being made...
- Dad. come on. Another.
- Yeah. uh...
Okay. Let's do...
our reporter
on the ground outside Cairo
is Charlie Cannon.
Critics suggest that
three years of
almost continuous drought
has forced local farmers
to find new
and increasingly desperate
measures
to make money.
- But government ministers...
- Dad?
- Are on the defensive...
- Just a minute.
As they roll out
new major schemes
in water management
and irrigation in desert areas.
What is that. Seb?
What are you doing?
An impression of you?
Oh. that's an impression of me?
With the hands thing?
Yeah.
Unlike the swath of looting
that took place
during the Arab Spring of 2011.
the Egyptian authorities
are unsure
what has caused
the current uptick
- in unauthorized digs.
- Hey!
- With the smuggling...
- Katie.
Of ancient arti...
We need to practice this more.
or I'll fail it.
Okay.
Um...
Babe. do I use my hands too much
when I'm on TV?
Um...
Isn't it one of your tics?
My tics?
Like trademarks.
Like. you know.
"Good night and good luck."
- Or "This is the way it is."
- Those are catchphrases.
I mean. do I do too much
of this shit with my hands?
'Cause that could be potentially
very annoying for my viewers.
You know
what is really annoying?
That you are doing it in my
peripheral vision. so stop it.
Oh. yeah?
- It's annoying...
- Yeah.
- İn your peripheral vision?
- It's very annoying.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
What about this?
Is this annoying?
Stop it.
What about her?
Is she gonna be annoying?
She's gonna be really annoying.
just like her dad.
- Hmm.
- Seb.
- why did you do that?
- I'm sorry...
- Get off! Get off me!
- You always mess with my stuff!
- Katie. stop! Stop it.
- That's enough.
- That's enough. Come on. Up.
- No. no. no. Stop it.
- Come here.
- What happened?
He threw Veronica off the roof.
Not gonna lie. I did do it.
Oh. Seb.
I was testing my new parachute.
But why do you
always touch my stuff?
- I never touch yours!
- I just wanted to use it.
I will do murders to the guilty
and the innocent. okay?
Gotta go. Come on. kisses.
Mm?
Who do you love most. Mom?
Um...
I'll tell you after my shift.
Okay.
I know it's not perfect.
What have you done to her?
But when we get back
to Albuquerque next week.
we'll bring her straight
to the doll hospital
for a proper fix-up.
You said we were gonna live
in New York next.
not Grandma's again.
Wherever we go next.
I hope you stay here
on your own.
Hey. that's not cool.
No! You didn't even yell at him.
Butterfly. Come on.
Don't call me Butterfly.
I hate you both right now.
I won't test the parachute
on the new baby
when it comes out of Mom.
Thanks. buddy.
Bob. Hi. how are you?
Charlie Cannon.
What time is it all the way
over there in Cairo?
Uh...
Minutes after three
in the afternoon.
Just after 8 a.m.
in New York City.
Let me ask you a question.
Charlie.
Do you want that
breakfast news gig?
Hello. there.
Layla?
I'm Layla's mother.
Or mom.
You would say "mom". right?
Where's Layla today?
She has a sick tummy.
But she didn't want you to worry
when she didn't show up to play.
She loves being your friend.
Did she tell you
anything about me?
Well.
she said you're a magician.
That's right.
Would you like to see a trick?
- Hey.
I'm just about to start
my rounds.
Yeah. quick one. Um...
How do you feel
about our new baby
growing up a Yankees fan?
No fucking way.
Yes fucking way.
You got the job?
Yep. They just called.
Oh. my God.
I'm trying to be quiet
'cause I haven't told the kids.
I knew you'd get it. I knew it.
I told you. I told you!
And you didn't believe me.
Idiot!
Oh. my God.
When do they want you to start?
Jesus.
there's so much to organize.
Ta-da!
Well. Mama's not
gonna be happy we're not
moving back in with her.
- I'm gonna have to...
- Babe.
Break it gently to her.
Have you been
giving Katie candy?
Like. a lot of candy?
No. What candy?
Ah!
Your favorite.
Ah? Hah. Hm.
I should go now before my dad
wonders where I am.
Wait.
I have one more treat for you.
I grew it in my own garden.
It tastes sweeter
than any candy.
Where did Katie get these?
She only shared with me
if I promised not to tell you.
Tell me what?
About her friend who gives them
to her at the end of the garden.
I hope you can forgive me.
Katie.
For what?
My final magic trick.
Katie?
Hey.
have you seen a little girl?
Hey!
Katie?
Katie!
This is her.
This is just from a week ago.
Are you on vacation?
No. no. We live here.
We've been living here
for five months.
He's a TV news correspondent.
When was the last
time you saw Katie?
11 a.m. Um...
And then I went to work.
and... and you were
at home with the kids.
And that's it.
Mr. Cannon.
About 3:00 p.m.
Wait. I have these.
Somebody. whoever took her.
was giving these to her.
What is he saying?
Hey.
You think I don't know
what you're talking about?
You think we did this?
You think we did something
to our own daughter?
What the fuck is your problem?
Are you gonna fucking help us?
Send someone out there
to find her!
Somebody took our child!
Breaking story
at the top of the hour
here at ABQ News 82.
Traffic delays on the 25
just south of Albuquerque
after a large desert tortoise
was spotted
trying to cross the highway.
Mom?
Hey.
Can I use your computer?
What for?
Printing stuff.
What stuff?
Stuff I want to print.
Okay. Come on. let's go.
I hear you. Charlie.
Dad!
Hey.
My last baby tooth
is finally loose.
Oh. let me see.
You want me to pull it out
with the pliers?
- No.
- You sure?
- Amen.
Sorry. guys.
Traffic was backed up
on the 25 because of a tortoise.
What kind of tortoise?
A truck-sized tortoise.
Truck-sized tortoise?
How was your day?
It was good.
I changed 13 catheters
in an hour.
Nice work. babe.
Are they the poo or pee ones?
I got a call to say
I've been nominated
as vice chair of my bridge club.
No phone at the dinner table.
I wanna show you something.
What is it?
It's the information about
the school trip
to Europe in the spring.
Why are you showing it to me?
It's only six months away.
and I wanted you to know
about it.
You think my tooth
will come out tonight?
You know.
you don't need to go on this.
I know I don't need to.
but I want to.
Well. that's not possible.
Why not?
Because it's not.
When's the last time
we went on a family vacation?
Okay. we'll talk about this
another time. Okay?
No. we won't. We never do.
Don't talk back to your mom.
okay?
You're just scared something's
going to happen to me.
but I'm not Katie. Mom.
Watch it. Seb.
Have I ever been on vacation?
Hmm.
Uh-uh.
Frog. Definitely a frog.
That kid's a freaking toad.
How about my teacher?
- Rat.
- Eh. rat.
I think she looks
kind of froggy.
Nah. we've been calling her
rat-face
behind her back in class.
- Nice.
- Okay. okay. I have a good one.
- Taylor Swift.
- No bueno. Seb! She's an angel.
Can't argue with that.
Sebastian.
Isn't the game called.
"Rat or Frog?"
"Rat. Frog. or Angel"
- if it's Tay.
- Okay.
- I think I'm a total frog. man.
- Yeah.
- Right?
What about you. sweetheart?
Oh. yeah?
Can I get two slices today?
- No.
- Of course. honey.
No. You never ever finish two.
Never.
- It's two slices of pizza. babe.
- No.
Hello?
Hello.
Is this Mr. Charlie Cannon?
Sorry. buddy. I'm not buying
what you're selling.
No. no. no.
Mr. Cannon.
my name is Bryce Vogel.
I'm Deputy Chief of Mission
at the US Embassy in Cairo.
Uh. just a sec.
Kids. stay in the car.
Hello. Mr. Cannon?
Are you there?
Uh. yeah. yeah. I'm here.
Is your wife with you. sir?
Do you have new information?
Yes. I do. ma'am.
Your daughter Katie
has been found.
She's alive.
What?
It's very important
you fully prepare yourselves
for what you are about to see.
Katie has suffered
extensive dermal trauma.
Likely from a lack of light.
and extreme malnutrition.
She's locked
in a deep catatonic state.
which is causing her to make
erratic and extreme movements.
Repeating abrupt noises.
Strange physical tics.
We have her
under heavy sedation.
It helps.
But her levels of distress
continue to manifest.
So. you need to be gentle
and calm with her.
No sudden moves. No loud noises.
The Egyptian authorities
will keep her discovery
out of the press
to give you and your family
ample time to adjust
to your new situation.
Okay to go?
Hey.
Hey. Butterfly.
It's Mom and Dad.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. we are here.
We're here.
The scratches?
Self-inflicted.
When we admitted her.
she was clawing at her skin.
Her heart sounds so strong.
So. so strong.
Her vitals are all perfect.
Even under testing.
we haven't observed
her pulse rate rise above 85.
Physically she's strong.
The comfort of home
will be the best medicine
to help return her
from this locked-in state.
Katie.
Katie. It's okay.
What is this?
It's a basalt sarcophagus.
Between two
and three thousand years old.
Katie was being transported
inside it
when the plane crashed.
What the fuck
was our daughter doing
in a 3.000-year-old sarcophagus?
If you want to smuggle something
or even someone
in this country
and avoid detection.
the best place
is inside our history.
Blind eyes are turned to
the illegal trade of artifacts.
It's the perfect
human trafficking cover.
I think we should get back
upstairs to her.
I remember you.
You were there the day
she got kidnapped.
You had a working theory
then too. didn't you?
You thought
I did something to her.
That was
my senior officer's opinion.
Charlie. let's go back upstairs.
And where's his expert opinion
tonight?
Buried in Bab al-Wazir Cemetery.
Are you gonna do a better job
of finding who took our daughter
than he did?
Yes.
Classic rock.
All the time. across New Mexico.
Can I have some now. Güelita?
Not until your sister arrives.
But it's a lot of cake.
Well. she missed
a lot of birthdays.
Fine.
Are these prettier than me?
Nothing is prettier than you.
Good answer.
You're gonna stay in my will.
Dad! Dad!
Wow.
Mama.
All right. You ready
- to meet your sister?
- Yeah.
Mom.
- Be gentle.
- Sure. Dad.
- Show me my granddaughter.
- Yeah. okay.
Go ahead.
Wait.
Hey. come.
Come say a proper hello.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
okay?
Hey. Katie.
I'm Maud.
Your little sis.
So. I'm almost the
same age as you now when you...
you know.
And Mom told me
that you like Taylor Swift.
and well. I love Taylor.
And you probably missed
so much of her new music.
Seb?
I don't know what to say to her.
Just anything.
Hey. I get it.
It's a lot. I know.
But it is your big sister.
Okay? And we all need
to rally around her.
and help her remember
we are her family.
She just needs our care
and support and time.
Amen.
You're okay. You're okay.
Seb.
Seb!
What the hell. Maudie?
I'm a little freaked out.
It's just coyotes.
No. by Katie.
It's like Mom said.
She needs care and support.
and time.
- And...
- Injections.
Do you remember
the day we moved in here
to live with Abuelita?
You were only three.
And you were so excited.
Do you want to know
why you were so excited?
Because you
were getting this room
from when I was little. too.
Do you remember that?
Seb?
Seb!
There's weird noises.
I told you.
it's just the coyotes.
No. They're inside the house.
They can't get inside the house.
Lari.
Where's Katie?
There's something in the walls.
Katie.
Sweetheart.
Katie!
- Do you see her?
- No.
Katie.
Stop!
Hold her. Keep her still.
What the fuck?
You said "fuck."
Guys. I know it feels weird
going back to school right now.
but we just have to keep things
as normal as we can.
It's not very normal
to not tell anybody
I have a new older sister.
I know. But it's just for now.
See you later.
Go ahead. Seb. Don't be late.
What happened to her. Dad?
The doctor in Egypt
said she's locked in.
and it could be weeks.
could be months.
No.
What really happened to her?
I don't know. Seb.
You know.
she'll take a lovely color.
Like chili pepper. maybe?
No.
Okay.
They did a nasty pedicure
in that hospital.
You could make a necklace
out of those nails.
When I had the salon.
I was always
busy. busy. busy. you know.
And one day. a crew came to town
to do a movie.
with none other
than Sophia Loren.
Ah. Sophia. You know.
she was the greatest.
People say I look like her.
You know. one night.
her stylist got drunk
and then he messed up her hair.
and guess who they called
to fix it?
Oh. fuck.
Charlie!
What happened? You okay?
Are you all right?
Go find her.
Mama. Mama.
Katie?
It's okay. sweetheart.
Mama's got you.
I think we have to consider
finding a place for her.
Even just for the short term.
Do you think I can't handle
taking care
of my own daughter at home?
That's not what I said.
What are you saying then?
I'm saying that what
she's done to herself.
and the way she's behaving. is...
Is too much for you to stomach.
But she's not going anywhere.
She's been gone long enough.
And she's safe here. With us.
Lari.
Lari. where are you going?
To get some scissors.
Lari.
We can't ignore this.
Drop it. Charlie.
The doctor said
she needs to be with her family.
Don't you want to know
what happened to her?
I want to know why
you cannot take care
of your own daughter
here and now.
Why you're fucking stuck
in the past all of the time.
I'm not stuck in the past.
- You are.
- I'm trying to find answers.
- She's right there.
- I'm aware.
You think I'm not relieved
that I have my daughter home?
- Are you?
- Of course.
But we can't fix her if we don't
know what happened to her.
I can fix her.
- No. you can't.
- I can do it.
Not if you're burying your head
in the sand.
No. No.
At least I'm not the one
trying to bury my own guilt
by looking for some sort
of fucking news story.
You know what. Lari?
I know you blame me
for what happened to her.
You don't even have to say it.
It's written all over you.
Every fucking day.
And yeah.
I was the one who was there
the day she went missing.
But what about all the days
when you were there?
How come you never realized
she had
a secret friend
at the end of the garden?
You're her mother.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Lari. Can we just...
Leave us the fuck alone.
Katie?
Katie. my love?
Say something.
Katie. say something.
Say something. Please.
Say something. Say something!
So...
who can tell me what's so
special about all these bodies?
They're all dead.
I think you must be
looking for the med school.
which is in the other block.
my friend.
This is Archaeology 101.
And here.
being dead is nothing special.
Excuse me. Mr. Bixler.
can I have a moment
of your time?
It's "Professor Bixler."
and the tutorial sign-up sheet
hangs on the same wall
as it always does.
No. no. no. I'm not a student.
I'm a producer from ABQ News.
Look. the tax return situation
from last year was a simple...
Professor. I'm not interested
in your taxes.
I'm here to talk
about Egyptian hieroglyphics.
Well.
these aren't hieroglyphics.
This looks like hieratic.
the first cursive script
of ancient Egypt. Way back.
Three thousand years
before Jesus showed up.
Do you know what it says?
Where did you get these?
Can you translate it?
What sort of story
are you working on. Mr. Cannon?
A private one.
I'm so sorry.
Zaki.
Hey. yeah. It's. um...
It's Charlie Cannon.
How is she?
She gave me a name.
Okay?
Can you look into it for me?
What's the name?
It's. uh... It's Layla.
Layla who?
I don't know.
Layla's... Layla's all I've got.
There's a lot of Laylas
in Egypt.
I know.
Charlie?
How many people have you found?
Fifty-seven.
How many of them
were still alive?
Not enough.
I can't live with not knowing
what happened to her.
Did you have any friends
or colleagues called Layla
when you lived in Cairo?
Uh...
No. None.
Anybody of that name
in your life?
Past or present.
Not that I can remember. no.
Anybody called Layla
approach your family
or tried to communicate with you
since Katie went missing?
Mom?
Yes. I can talk now too.
Holy shit! I'll get Mom.
No. Maudie.
L-Let's make it a surprise.
I wanted to practice
talking to you first.
You're my favorite
in the family.
But you don't even know me.
Exactly.
That's why I want to know all
the different things about you.
Like what?
Like how
your little piggies taste.
I'm so sad.
I didn't want it to happen
to Katie.
She was my best friend.
Layla.
The script set. as I
assumed. was indeed hieratic.
Inked on what appear to be some
sort of ceremonial bindings.
These seven different pieces
are fragments of a much larger.
more cohesive narrative.
which I couldn't get
my head around at first.
Not until I saw this one word...
repeated over and over again.
"Nasmaranian."
What's a Nasmaranianan?
It's not an "a". it's a "the."
This recording
is from an international lecture
on ancient Egyptian demonology
from the Al-Azhar University
in Cairo.
The ancient inscriptions
tell of a dark force
that people feared
before they even
had words for such terror.
The Nasmaranianan moved
as a shadow amongst the living.
delighting in turning
father against son.
and in leaving mothers
to bury their children.
It was known
as the destroyer of family.
Like a sickness of the soul.
it travelled from one person
to the next.
A whisper in the ear.
a seed of suspicion.
creating cruelty
where love once lived.
Entire communities unraveled
as this beast spread
a cancerous rot amongst them.
It was the devil of its time.
But then. by 2.000 BC.
its influence faded.
No more writings.
No more stories.
save for one rumor
that the Nasmaranianan had been
trapped through
an ancient ritual.
Either that.
or it just disappeared.
These bindings.
wherever you got them.
contain words of protection.
Words to ward off
this long lost demon.
Maud. it's not craft time yet.
Miss Mills?
Yes. Maud?
You're not a frog.
That's correct. I'm not a frog.
You're a rat-faced cunt.
Rat-faced cunt.
Rat-faced cunt. Rat-faced cunt.
Fuck you.
We're not gonna tell your mom
about what happened
at school today.
She's got a lot on her mind.
I can make your heart stop.
Larissa!
I'm behind you.
Coyotes are gone.
Don't worry.
Grandma. It's fun to be dead.
Oh. shit! Oh. my God!
Mama!
Hey. you're through
to Charlie Cannon.
I can't get to the phone
right now.
Please leave a message.
Charlie. it's Zaki.
I. uh... I have to come see you.
There's something
I need to show you.
Dad. Mom's looking for you.
Dad!
She needs you.
Hey.
She's calm right now.
Seb's outside the door.
I'll go back up in a few minutes
and check on her.
I don't want her here anymore.
I know. I know.
It doesn't feel real.
But we just gotta
get through this. okay?
This is what your mom
would have wanted.
I'm not talking about my mom.
Don't go. baby brother.
Please let me out so I can join
the big. happy party downstairs.
Why are they hiding me away?
I really miss being a part
of the family. Seb.
Do you remember the day that
you threw Veronica off the roof
to see if she could fly?
You're the one that gave me
the idea
to see if Granny could fly.
It's all your fault
she's rotting
in that coffin down there.
Stop! Stop!
Sweetheart?
What's wrong?
Maud?
Maud!
Hold her!
Where are we going?
We're going somewhere safe.
Is Katie coming?
No. Not right now.
Why are you so bad at this?
Because we are in a rush. Maud.
Okay?
No. At being my mom.
I wish I didn't have to show you
what's on this tape.
But it's very important you see
what happened to Katie.
This is the woman
who kidnapped your daughter.
"The dark signs have begun
to show once more.
Warning us
that the time has come
to recommit to the containment
of our ancient family secret.
This will be the...
82nd mummification ritual.
And as the first-born child.
I am honored to carry this
great responsibility of ensuring
that our family
will remain protected
from the evil reach
of the Nasmaranianan.
I commit this testament
so that in decades to come.
your children will know
what they must do
when it is their time
to transfer this demon...
from a spent vessel...
to a freshly prepared host."
"An innocent child is best.
The body lasts longest.
But any live human will do."
"Let us begin."
Please. I wanna go home.
This will all be over soon.
Katie.
I promise.
I want my mommy and my daddy.
No! No!
No. please!
Hey. I don't...
I don't wanna know.
We have to know.
Please! No! Let me go! Stop!
No! Stop!
Baby brother?
Yes?
Wanna come help me
get undressed?
Yes.
Please let me go!
No!
Let me go!
That thing they put inside her
was meant to stay buried
and bound.
Charlie.
Katie. Katie. Mommy's coming.
Mommy's coming.
Wait. Wait. Katie. Wait. baby.
Charlie!
Katie.
Katie!
Hey. Charlie.
Do you wanna feast on me?
Come on.
Taste it.
Katie!
Charlie!
I'm not very comfortable
inside your daughter.
You used to play chase with me.
Now you just wriggle away
from me like you're a worm.
You're never getting her back!
I'm her daddy now.
Zaki! The words!
Remember the words!
I'm sorry.
Mom?
Katie?
Dad?
Come on. sweetheart.
Let's go back upstairs.
What is he saying?
He says he loves us.
We love you. Dad.
No. let her go. It's her turn.
Hello?
It's me.
It's late for you.
I don't really sleep.
Me neither.
I need to talk to you
about Charlie.
I'm listening.
You know my face.
You remember my Katie.
don't you?
She wants to know
if you'd like to see a trick.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm